For instance, on the planet Earth, man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much--the wheel, New York, wars and so on--whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man--for precisely the same reasons.
Don't panic
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doublty so.
Would it save you alot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?
Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are faeries at the bottom too?
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.
He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it.
I'd far rather be happy than right any day.
Space is big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely mind-bogginly big it is. Unhandled exception in listener callback
I mean, you may think that it's a long way down the road to the chemist's but that's just peanuts to space.
If there's anything more important than my ego around, I want it caught and shot now.
"You know," said Arthur,"it's at times like this, when I'm trapped in a Vogon airlock with a man from Betelgeuse, and about to die of asphyxiation in deep space that I really wish I'd listened to my mother when she told me when I was young."
"Why, what did she tell you?"
"I don't know, I didn't listen"
For a moment, nothing happened. Then, after a second or so, nothing continued to happen.
This must be a Thursday,' Arthur said to himself, sinking low over his beer. 'I could never get the hang of thursdays'.
Ford... you're turning into a Penguin. Stop it.
The answer to the Great Question... Of Life, the Universe and Everything... Is... Forty-two,' said Deep Thought, with infinite majesty and calm'.
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and certainty
One of the things Ford Prefect had always found hardest to understand about humans was their habit of continually stating and repeating the very very obvious.
Did I do anything wrong today," he said, "or has the world always been like this and I've been too wrappe up in myself to notice?
Are you suggesting coconuts migrate?
Tis but a scratch
When danger reared its ugly head, He bravely turned his tail and fled.
I am known by many names, but you may call me... Tim.
One, two, ... five!
Three, my lord
I fart in your general direction.
Camelot is a silly place.
Help! Help! I'm being repressed.
She turned me into a newt.
A newt?
... I got better
